refine aurora doc (#6144)
pingcap/docs: data-migration/aurora/increment-aurora.md

> # Incrementally synchronize data From Aurora MySQL to TiDB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Incrementally Replicate Data From Aurora MySQL to TiDB
```

> [TiDB Data Migration](https://github.com/pingcap/dm) (DM) is an integrated data migration task management platform, which supports the incremental data replication from MySQL-compatible databases (such as MySQL, MariaDB, and Aurora MySQL) into TiDB. DM helps to reduce the operation cost of data migration and to simplify the troubleshooting process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[TiDB Data Migration](https://github.com/pingcap/dm) (DM) is an integrated data migration task management platform. It supports the incremental data replication from MySQL-compatible databases (such as MySQL, MariaDB, and Aurora MySQL) into TiDB. DM helps you reduce the operation cost of data migration and simplify the troubleshooting process.
```

> This article describes how to use DM for incremental replication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes how to use DM for incremental replication.
```

[TiDB Data Migration](https://github.com/pingcap/dm) (DM) is an integrated data migration task management platform, which supports the full data migration and the incremental data replication from MySQL-compatible databases (such as MySQL, MariaDB, and Aurora MySQL) into TiDB. It can help to reduce the operation cost of data migration and simplify the troubleshooting process.

This article introduces how to use DM for incremental replication.

## Prerequisites

- [Deploy DM using TiUP](/data-migration/quick_install_tools.md)

***

> ## Step 1. Precheck

Author: 开始是这样的，但后来和 IBG 的同事看的时候，发现很容易被忽略
毕竟好些人不看 Prerequisites

DM relies on the `ROW`-formatted binlog for incremental replication. See [Enable binary for an Aurora Cluster](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/enable-binary-logging-aurora/?nc1=h_ls) for the configuration instruction.

> If GTID is enabled in Aurora, you can migrate data based on GTID. For how to enable it, see [Configuring GTID-Based Replication for an Aurora MySQL Cluster](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/mysql-replication-gtid.html#mysql-replication-gtid.configuring-aurora). To migrate data based on GTID, you need to set `enable-gtid` to `true` in the configuration file of data source in step 2 [Configure the data source](#step-2-configure-the-data-source).

Author: 额， 其实不是必须。有 GTID 和Position 两种方式

> If GTID is enabled in Aurora, you can migrate data based on GTID. For how to enable it, see [Configuring GTID-Based Replication for an Aurora MySQL Cluster](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/mysql-replication-gtid.html#mysql-replication-gtid.configuring-aurora). To migrate data based on GTID, you need to set `enable-gtid` to `true` in the configuration file of data source in step 2 [Configure the data source](#step-2-configure-the-data-source).

Author: 不用把，开不开 GTID，Position 都是可以用的

> If GTID is enabled in Aurora, you can migrate data based on GTID. For how to enable it, see [Configuring GTID-Based Replication for an Aurora MySQL Cluster](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/mysql-replication-gtid.html#mysql-replication-gtid.configuring-aurora). To migrate data based on GTID, you need to set `enable-gtid` to `true` in the configuration file of data source in step 2 [Configure the data source](#step-2-configure-the-data-source).

Reviewer: OK。那最后一句话可以删掉吗？像我改的那样

This article introduces how to use DM for incremental replication.

## Prerequisites

- [Deploy DM using TiUP](/data-migration/quick_install_tools.md)

***

## Step 1. Precheck

DM relies on the `ROW`-formatted binlog for incremental replication. See [Enable binary for an Aurora Cluster](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/enable-binary-logging-aurora/?nc1=h_ls) for the configuration instruction.

If GTID is enabled in Aurora, you can migrate data based on GTID. For how to enable it, see [Configuring GTID-Based Replication for an Aurora MySQL Cluster](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/mysql-replication-gtid.html#mysql-replication-gtid.configuring-aurora). To migrate data based on GTID, you need to set `enable-gtid` to `true` in the configuration file of data source in step 2 [Configure the data source](#step-2-configure-the-data-source).

> **Note:**
>
> + GTID-based data migration requires MySQL 5.7 (Aurora 2.04) version or later.

## Step 2. Configure the data source

> **Note:**
>

> > In DM configuration files, it is recommended to use database passwords encrypted by `dmctl`. If a database password is empty, it is unnecessary to encrypt it. For how to encrypt the plaintext password, see [Encrypt the database password using dmctl](manage-source.md#encrypt-the-database-password).

Author: Done

This article only introduces how to use DM for incremental synchronization

## Complete the following tasks before start

- [Deploy DM using TiUP](/data-migration/quick_install_tools.md)

***

## Step 1. Precheck

DM relies on the `ROW`-formatted binlog for incremental replication. See [Enable binary for an Aurora Cluster](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/enable-binary-logging-aurora/?nc1=h_ls) for the configuration instruction.

> If GTID is enabled in Aurora, you can migrate data based on GTID. For how to enable it, see [Configuring GTID-Based Replication for an Aurora MySQL Cluster](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/mysql-replication-gtid.html#mysql-replication-gtid.configuring-aurora). To migrate data based on GTID, you need to set `enable-gtid` to `true` in the configuration file of data source in [Configure the data source](#configure-the-data-source).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If GTID is enabled in Aurora, you can migrate data based on GTID. For how to enable it, see [Configuring GTID-Based Replication for an Aurora MySQL Cluster](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/mysql-replication-gtid.html#mysql-replication-gtid.configuring-aurora). To migrate data based on GTID, you need to set `enable-gtid` to `true` in the configuration file of data source in step 2 [Configure the data source](#step-2-configure-the-data-source).
```

> ## Helpful Topics  

Reviewer: `Helpful Topics` 在一篇文档中可有可没有，根据具体情况添加即可。FYI
